good morning good afternoon good evening
yessiree Bob acabe olay olay olay
alrighty boys and girls this is it this
is that's all there's no more this is
the final blog for 2013 yes siree Bob
and I just want to thank each and every
one of you if I could name y'all off uh
but I can't because I don't remember
anyone's names there's just too many of
you you're just like dudes like
contusions obvious so binary I thank
each and every one of you for watching
my vlogs all you faithful Watchers
subscribers and I want to thank
everybody from the big rig talk facebook
page for you know participating helping
and you know with useful comments and
tips and tricks and everyone for their
input helping each other out and helping
the new drivers out without all of you
it would really just be a big mess so
but any rate thank you all we are
officially in Florida right now as
you're watching this vlog and their poor
puppies are at home by the zoo with a
bow sitter but Henry yeah so we're in
Florida hopefully enjoying ourselves
hopefully the weather is good I don't
know yet because I'm still at home in
this video but we're about to leave so
with that being said when we return we
can't do any we're gonna be video a
while we're down there but I won't be
able to upload them really until I'm
back here we will try to get one
Christmas video up so on christmas day
there will be a video at some point or
another and other than that that's it
that's all so we're driving down this
year and so hopefully all will go well
the weather it was kind of nasty we're
supposed to leave yesterday but it
didn't happen so because of the nasty
weather so we're even this morning I'm
enjoying my coffee it is 435 in the
morning holy crap you think I stole my
truck for God's sakes it's alright
like I said wish everyone a happy
holidays in a happy new year and the big
rig talk Facebook page is on vacation
while we're gone we've given our
moderators the vacation time also so
that they're not burdened with having to
take care of the page while we're gone
and that's about it uh yeah so I hope
you all do well and for those of you who
can't make it home for the holidays
drive safe and you know be careful and
all that other stuff and I guess we'll
see you guys when we get back from the
holidays yessiree Bob Gaudio left here